hello friends I'm Mina from Venice Beach
ENCOM my friends from recipe Lancome has
asked me to create a video on how to
make samosa samosa is the very popular
recipe in India oh well it is the
stuffing inside the samosa that makes
this dish so tasty
so go ahead enjoy this video
the ingredients required would be
all-purpose flour 2 cups green peas
hosta 4 boiled and mashed potatoes
oil 4 tablespoon few chopped coriander
leaves these are some chopped 2 ginger
and garlic this would be about 1
teaspoon and this is a 1 green chilli
and I've chopped them into slices these
spices required 4p um this is garam
masala this would be about 1 TSP and
these are the dried mango powder 1/2 TSP
and this are the cumin seeds this would
be about 1 teaspoon to start with we
will be adding the floor in a bowl add
about 1/2 TSP of salt to it oil and mix
them all very well mix it so well so
that the oil completely coats with the
all-purpose flour
now people sprinkle some water on top of
it
very-very less water we will be using
and we will need this door I am using
hands here of course we have to do that
because we don't want the liquid oh we
want a very stiff dough ok and now I
have kneaded the dough by sprinkling
water on it by adding a little a little
water and kneading it very nicely so we
get a stiff dough like this what we will
do is we will go ahead and allow the
dough to rest for some time for about 15
minutes now heat cooking pan add about 1
tablespoon of oil undulate that
funky all your fees are the cumin seeds
into it and along with the splotchy add
the chopped ginger and garlic
okay once the aroma spreads you will be
adding the green chillies to it add a
pinch of turmeric powder into it add the
green peas
very little water
and I love to cook
okay once the peas are cooked well a
nice fat salt as per taste the piece
does not become tender very soft okay
now at this stage
Fifi's are completely cooked very nice
let us add the mashed potatoes to it now
at this stage that is add the ground
masala mix I like to cook for another
couple of minutes okay now all these
spices have completely mixed well with
the vegetables at this stage we will be
adding the my dry mango powder mix again
and to finish we will be adding the
chopped coriander leaves to it
all right there let us switch off the
flame okay so the delicious stuffing for
the samosas ready
it has potatoes and green peas and to
enhance the flavor we have caught the
spices the garam masala and the mango
powder which gives a pinch of solace to
the paste
okay so let us go ahead and make samosas
out of this wonderful and delicious
stuffing okay after allowing the dough
to rest for about 15 minutes we will be
taking the door now take the dough on to
the size would be almost about your size
of your palm sprinkle some flour on
evidence
face keep it on the surface flatten it
and circle them okay after flattening a
video we get something like this a long
shape almost kind of an oval shape now
what we'll do is we will spot it in the
center take one side apply watching over
the edges it acts as a glue all right
light very nicely now let us make it a
cone shape this is very interesting all
we need to do is just press it in the
center here and press it on its side
here there really the cone shape like
this
Wow beautiful now let us add the filling
into it
feeling goes in inside the cone and warm
there that's all that should be enough
now stick this end with the other end
let me show you stick this end of the
filling
and fold it behind like this
and give it a shape there we have a
samosa
okay now those samosas have been stuffed
and it is ready to go in the oil to deep
fry heat oil in a frying pan for the
samosas to fry
okay now the oil is heated up now let us
add the samosas
and we fry them
in a very slow flame buzz okay you know
this also has started to change the
color it is so it is becoming a golden
brown in color missus turn golden in
color let us take it out now let's take
it out in a serving plate crispy hot
samosas absolutely with me already they
are so hot all right now
the crispy hon hot samosa is now ready
to be served
you can have it with the mint chutney or
it was it goes -1 when you have it with
like tomato ketchup
alright now let's see how it looks from
inside oh my it's so crispy beautiful
see that hot and crispy yummy samosa oh
it is it is also a wonderful shot recipe
the guys go ahead and try this recipe is
very simple to make and thanks for
watching
well that was samosa recipe for you I
hope you enjoyed this video for more
such recipes to visit recycling calm
thank you